BaaL 1.3.0 release (#113)
ElementAI/baal: docs/reports/double_descend.md

active learning procedure as it is a sign that the model did not learn the current labelled set properly and therefore
the next set of uncertainties would not be valid.

A combination of several conditions and hyper-parameters could result in a double descent. Below, we will define each 
condition/hyper-parameter, and then we describe what combinations would result in double descent occurrence. We will end
this blog post with our hypothesis as to why double descent happens in each case.

### Training Condition
#### Early Stopping
While early stopping helps prevent overfitting, experiments show that in the case of active
learning early stopping along with other conditions would result in the negative effect of double descent. In our
experiments, the trials which are tested using early stopping are marked by `lbw: Y` and `p` will define the number of
patience epochs to make sure that the loss is not oscillating.

#### Resetting the weights of the model
During active learning, we reset the model weights to some initial/random weights after
each active learning step, so that the model is ready to learn from the new distribution of labelled samples without

> the prior bias of the previous distribution of labelled samples. Some studies show that resetting the weights for the
> last few layers of a network could be enough for removing this prior bias and hence, it would speed up the process by
> not forcing the model to learn from scratch. However, depending on whether we are using early stopping or not this can
> introduce double descent and be harmful to the procedure. In our experiments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the prior bias of the previous distribution of labelled samples. In this [paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12535v1.pdf), it is shown that the last few layers have the most influential weights for estimating model uncertainty in Bayesian neural architecture, and hence, we have made it possible in our pipeline to do active learning with only resetting the weights for the
last few layers of a network. In this study, you will see if taken proper measurements resetting only the linear layers could be enough for removing this prior bias, and hence, it would speed up the process by
not forcing the model to learn from scratch. However, depending on whether we are using early stopping or not this can
introduce double descent and be harmful to the procedure. In our experiments
```
